[all] (Host-specific APIs) Referencing the host-specific page and removing duplicate content (#2050)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/excel-add-ins-ranges.md

}).catch(errorHandlerFunction);
```

#### Data in range before number format is set

![Data in Excel before format is set](../images/excel-ranges-format-font-and-fill.png)

#### Data in range after number format is set

![Data in Excel after format is set](../images/excel-ranges-format-numbers.png)

## Read or write to an unbounded range

### Read an unbounded range

> An unbounded range address is a range address that specifies either entire column(s) or entire row(s). For example:

Reviewer: Should avoid (s) to semi-pluralize as it isn't read well by some screen readers.
```suggestion
An unbounded range address is a range address that specifies either entire columns or entire rows. For example:
```

> - Range addresses comprised of entire column(s):<ul><li>`C:C`</li><li>`A:F`</li></ul>
> - Range addresses comprised of entire row(s):<ul><li>`2:2`</li><li>`1:4`</li></ul>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Range addresses comprised of entire columns:<ul><li>`C:C`</li><li>`A:F`</li></ul>
- Range addresses comprised of entire rows:<ul><li>`2:2`</li><li>`1:4`</li></ul>
```

When the API makes a request to retrieve an unbounded range (for example, `getRange('C:C')`), the response will contain `null` values for cell-level properties such as `values`, `text`, `numberFormat`, and `formula`. Other properties of the range, such as `address` and `cellCount`, will contain valid values for the unbounded range.

### Write to an unbounded range

> You cannot set cell-level properties such as `values`, `numberFormat`, and `formula` on unbounded range because the input request is too large. For example, the following code snippet is not valid because it attempts to specify `values` for an unbounded range. The API will return an error if you attempt to set cell-level properties for an unbounded range.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You cannot set cell-level properties such as `values`, `numberFormat`, and `formula` on an unbounded range because the input request is too large. For example, the following code snippet is not valid because it attempts to specify `values` for an unbounded range. The API will return an error if you attempt to set cell-level properties for an unbounded range.
```

> You cannot set cell-level properties such as `values`, `numberFormat`, and `formula` on an unbounded range because the input request is too large. For example, the following code snippet is not valid because it attempts to specify `values` for an unbounded range. The API will return an error if you attempt to set cell-level properties for an unbounded range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot set cell-level properties such as `values`, `numberFormat`, and `formula` on an unbounded range because the input request is too large. For example, the following code snippet is not valid because it attempts to specify `values` for an unbounded range. The API returns an error if you attempt to set cell-level properties for an unbounded range.
```
